Now I mentioned in the last lecture that I expect to only get one category dataset and one value dataset
and that is something I'll have to configure though. For that, I'll go to my capabilities.json file
and in dataViewMappings, here in this object,
I'll add another node on the same level as categorical,
it's called conditions and that is actually something the Power BI schema sets up, that I can define conditions.
Here I can define conditions for all my data roles and the conditions
I want to define here are the following.
I want to define a condition for my category,
that's one of my data roles,
so that has to fit
this name up there and the rule or the condition I want to set up here is that I want to have at maximum,
one dataset entered into there. By default, you could enter more.
The other condition is that for, whoops, for measure,
that's the name we use there,
I also only want to have at maximum one dataset and this is how I make sure that the user is not able
to pass more data that I'm able to handle.
Of course you could write more flexible code,
don't forget to save this file by the way
but here for this basic starter example, we'll keep it simple. With that, this is prepared,
we can now work on extracting that data.